tl;dr in 2008 i tried to do a presentation about what i felt was a threat that sufficiently posed enough public hazard as to attempt to disclose unclassified data from prior government employment. I actually had no idea what an ungodly illegal mess of harassment and stalking this would unleash. Basically, it comes down to I did this https://cryptome.org/2013/02/apt-biscuit.htm and once before (2008) i tried to do that but pulled the talk after being threatened by the FBI.

monster-15-june.jpg	
monster-16-june.jpg	
monster-18-june.jpg	
monster-22-june.jpg	
monster-xx-june.jpg	 - For a considerable period of time I was receiving interference whenever I would attempt to find employment, this would take the form of error messages whenever trying to load job search related websites or submit CVs to them, et cetera. This has further included being hired by government contractors whom then did things like fail to assign me a desk while nearly daily having me move from desk to desk while internet would go out, or the telephone would cease working, tasks given would be pointless or circular, et cetera et cetera-- basically the government contractors et al would extend harassment that was occurring outside of work inside of the work place thereby making it implausible to obtain legal relief because of inability to afford it. Further the ACLU/EFF/et cetera only help people if they're sufficiently famous enough to fluff their press releases or not already isolated and a singular entity by the harassment.

patriot-act-violation.jpg - Despite being coded as readable by the computer as "job performance failure", the unauditable rubber stamp code translates to "patriot act violation". The IG never saw fit to contact me, instead releasing a partial release of records the FBI had spent over 3 years denying even existed and still refusing to release the records related to earlier witch hunts they had engaged in; Prior attempts to file a complaint with the IG resulted in my phone repeatedly disconnecting, the telephone call itself being distorted and/or the person simply hanging up on me shortly after identifying myself.

CMA-50X1.jpg - apparently after the FISA warrant (presumably) expired, they just declared that I had provided consent to my own surveillance, then classified it under national security for 50 years.

FBIFISA.png - Unrelated excerpt from legal journal making argument I have been making for quite some time, there is something wrong when counter-intelligence meets traditional law enforcement because they just start making stuff up and lying all over the place and using the fact that people don't believe they do that to get away with doing precisely that.

FBI-PhysicalSurveillance.jpg - I went to the FBI approximately 4 times, of which they either have refused to declassify or just didn't document my questioning why I was being followed and harassed. They continually insisted that no such thing was happening, questioning my mental capacity in doing so, and even distributed data to state and local law enforcement claiming i was mentally suspect for thinking they were following and harassing me. Internally, their documents were classified and turns out they were indeed following me and had tapped my lines/etc.

CIA.jpg	- At one point, the people following and harassing me were implying that they were related to Wikileaks and reached this really desperate and degenerate fevered pitch, the guests in all the rooms surrounding the one I was in begain slamming their hotel room doors at various points all night, people began stomping on the floor repeatedly literally all night, weird phone calls would occur and so on essentially keeping me from being able to sleep for extended periods of time-- acts which my government insists didn't occur and that I'm crazy for thinking so (much like their insistence that I was crazy for thinking they were following me). At any rate, convinced it was the Wikileaks or the CIA harassing me, I went to the CIA to find out why this was happening, which was a surreal experience in itself (they would deny knowing me, then proceed in a manner that indicated that they indeed knew me); they were given evidence of my harassment implicating a person known to me as a DHS agent which they were already aware of before I mentioned it somehow, and so on and so forth-- they did the same thing the FBI kept doing which was that they would deny involvement and then essentially wink and say or do something that implied that they were lying and were indeed the culprits in question.

ShirleyGate-25X1.jpg - Its unclear what Shirly Gate is, or what the picture is because its just not included with the FOIA response like a substantial volume of the data that should be there but isn't. The date implies that the photograph was taken approximately a week after my visit to VA; it's unknown who the person in the photograph with me is, nor why they would be redacted and classified as "human intelligence" under national security (x1) grounds for 25 years.

Whats clear is that my government at times is incredibly petty, degenerate and operates in very illegal ways but considers it okay because they classify the behavior and then lie about it blaming the person they're doing it to.

	Add files via upload	2 minutes ago
